[Page 1]
Lease for 
Nelly's Italian Cafe 
"Spring Hill Shopping Center" 
Spring Hill, TN, Maury County Tennessee 
Lease Date: 
January 17, 2014 


[Page 2]
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
SPRING HILL, TENNESSEE 
STORE LEASE 
ARTICLE I. BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS AND ENUMERATION OF EXHIBITS 
SECTION 1.1 BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS 
A. 
DATE OF LEASE: January I 7, 2014 
B. 
LANDLORD: Sell Family Partners 
C. 
ADDRESS OF LANDLORD: Sell Family Partners 
c/o Turner & Associates Realty, Inc. 
P.O. Box 150326 
Nashville, TN 37215 
D. 
TENANT: 
Ryan Hall and Danielle Macca Hall 
2030 Sunflower Drive 
Springhill, TN 3 717 4 
615-522-8392 615-587-3950 dmacca88@gmail.com 
F. 
TENANT'S TRADE NAME: 
Nelly's Italian Cafe 
G. 
LEASE TERM: Five (5) YEARS (See Section 2.4) 
H. 
RENEW AL OPTIONS: Two, Three year options 
I. 
TENTATIVE DATE FOR DELIVERY OF LEASED PREMISES TO TENANT: 
Immediate Possession 
J. 
RENT COMMENCEMENT DATE: April I, 2014 
K. 
MONTHLY RENT: SEE EXHIBIT C based on $17.00 / SF base rental plus $2 SF CAM/ 
Tax/ Insurance 
L. 
PERCENT AGE RENT AL: DELETED 
M. 
PERMITTED USE: Pizza, Italian, Subs Sit Down and Take Out Restaurant 
N. 
APPROXIMATE SIZE OF LEASED PREMISES: 1,200 Square Feet (20' X 60") 
0. 
SECURITY DEPOSIT: $1,900 
P. 
ADVANCEDRENTAL: 
$1,200(April2014rent) 
SECTION 1.2 SIGNIFICANCE OF BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS. 
Each reference in this Lease to any of the Basic Lease Provisions contained in Section I. I shall be 
deemed and construed to incorporate all of the terms set forth in each such Basic Lease Provision. 
SECTION 1.3 ENUMERATION OF EXHIBITS. The Exhibits enumerated in this 
Section and attached to this Lease are incorporated in this Lease by this reference and are to be 
construed as part of this Lease. 
Exhibit A. 
Site Plan 


[Page 3]
Exhibit B. 
Exhibit C. 
Exhibit D. 
Exhibit E. 
Exhibit F. 
Tenant Design Criteria. 
Schedule of Rent. 
Lease Plan 
Renewal Option 
Landlord's Work 
ARTICLE 2. LEASED PREMISES AND TERM 
SECTION 2.1 SHOPPING CENTER. Landlord owns shopping center situated in 
the County of Maury, City of Spring Hill, State of TENNESSEE, which Shopping Center and 
improvements thereon, are depicted on Exhibit A hereto and are hereinafter referred to as "SPRING 
HILL SHOPPING CENTER " or the "Shopping Center". 
It is agreed that the depiction of 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER'' on Exhibit A does not constitute a representation, 
covenant or warranty of any kind by Landlord, and Landlord reserves the right at anytime to change 
the number and location of buildings, building dimensions, the number of floors in any of the 
buildings, store dimensions, the identity and type of other stores and tenancies in "SPRING HILL 
SHOPPING CENTER", and the size and layout of the parking areas and facilities, including the 
right to add or subtract from their shape and size, as well as to alter their location, provided, 
however, that any change is not material in nature. 
SECTION 2.2 
LEASED PREMISES. 
Landlord hereby leases and demises to 
Tenant, and Tenant hereby accepts from Landlord, subject to the terms and provisions of this Lease, 
the store premises (hereinafter referred to as the "Leased Premises") more particularly described as 
follows: 
ADDRESS is 5441 Main Street, Suite 4 
Premises to consist of approximately 
1 200 square feet of Floor Area, 20'X60' located in "SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER". 
SECTION 2.3 
LEASE TERM. 
The term of this Lease shall commence 
______ (hereinafter referred to as the "Commencement Date"), and unless renewed or 
extended as hereinafter provided, shall end on the last day of the Fifth Full Lease Year, (hereinafter 
the "Termination Date"), unless sooner terminated (hereinafter referred to as the "Lease Term"). 
SECTION 2.4 LEASE YEAR. For the purposes of this Lease, the term "Lease 
Year" shall mean the period of twelve (12) consecutive calendar months commencing on the 
Commencement Date if the Commencement Date shall fall on the first day of a month, or if the 
Commencement Date falls on a date other than the first day of a month, then commencing on the 
first day of the first month following the Commencement Date, and each period of twelve (12) 
consecutive calendar months thereafter during the Lease Term. 
In the event that the 
Commencement Date shall fall on a date other than the first day of a month, the period of time from 
the Commencement Date to the first day of the first month following the Commencement Date 
shall be included in the first Lease Year. 
ARTICLE 3. CONSTRUCTION AND DELIVERY OF LEASED PREMISES 
SECTION 3.1 DELIVERY OF THE LEASED PREMISES. Tenant shall complete, 
on or before the Commencement Date, all of the work specified in Exhibit B, and any and all 
additional work (including, without limitation, the installation of fixtures and equipment) required 
so as to render the Leased Premises suitable for the Permitted Use specified in Section 1.1 M hereof 
(collectively hereinafter sometimes called "Tenant's Work"). All fixtures and equipment shall be 
new or completely reconditioned. All work done by or on behalf of Tenant shall be performed in a 
good and workmanlike manner in compliance with all governmental requirements, in compliance 
with all of the terms of this Lease, and at such times and in such a manner as to not interfere with 
other work in progress and with the transaction of other business in the Shopping Center. Tenant's 
Work shall be performed only in accordance with complete plans and specifications theretofore 
submitted to and approved by Landlord, and in compliance with any and all of Landlord's design 


[Page 4]
criteria, including that which are set forth in Exhibit B, and further, in compliance with all 
applicable statues, ordinances, regulations and codes. 
Tenant shall and hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Landlord, its agents, officers 
and employees harmless from and against any and all liability, claims, demands, expenses, fees, 
fines, penalties, suits, proceedings, actions and causes of action of any and every kind and nature 
arising or growing out of, or resulting from any work done by or on behalf of Tenant in or about 
the Leased Premises. This obligation to indemnify shall include legal and investigation costs and 
all other costs, expenses and liabilities incurred from the date the indemnitee receives notice that 
any claim has been made or may be made. 
SECTION 3.2 OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT BEFORE LEASE TERM BEGINS. 
Tenant shall observe and perform all of its obligations under this Lease from and after the date upon 
which the Leased Premises are delivered to Tenant for its work, in the same manner as though the 
Lease Term began when the Leased Premises were delivered to Tenant (excepting only Tenant's 
obligations to operate its business and to pay Minimum Annual Rental, its pro-rata share of the 
operating expenses provided for in Section 17.4, and its pro-rata share of real estate taxes provided 
for in Article 7, all of which obligations shall commence absolutely as of the Rent Commencement 
Date). 
In the event Tenant fails to open for business on or before the Commencement Date, 
Landlord, in addition to any and all other available remedies, may require Tenant to pay, in addition 
to all other rent and charges reserved herein, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each 
day such failure to open continues, an amount equal to one-one hundred-eightieth (I /180) of the 
Minimum Annual Rental then due and payable. 
Section I. II 
For the purposes of this Lease, the "date of delivery" shall be as per Article 1, 
ARTICLE 4. PARKING; USE OF COMMON AREAS 
Landlord grants to Tenant, its employees, agents, customers and invitees, a non-
exclusive right to use, during the term of this Lease, the common areas, including parking areas, as 
shown on Exhibit A, which areas are acknowledged to be for use by such persons, along with others 
similarly entitled, for parking and for ingress and egress between the Leased Premises and all other 
portions of the Shopping Center and the adjoining streets, alleys and sidewalks. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tenant and Tenant's employees shall park their 
motor vehicles only in those portions of the parking area designated by Landlord for tenant and 
employee parking. 
Upon taking possession of the Leased Premises, Tenant shall furnish to 
Landlord the state automobile license numbers assigned to Tenant's motor vehicles and the motor 
vehicles of Tenant's employees. If Tenant or Tenant's employees shall park in portions of the 
parking area other than those areas designated for tenant and employee parking, and such vehicle or 
vehicles shall continue to be parked in such other areas after notice of such violation is given to 
Tenant by Landlord, Landlord may at any time thereafter, in addition to any other remedies it may 
have, have any such vehicle removed at Tenant's expense and levy such fines therefor as Landlord 
shall elect. 
ARTICLE 5. MINIMUM RENTAL 
Tenant agrees to pay as rental for the use and occupancy of the Leased Pren1ises, at 
the times, in the manner and upon the conditions hereinafter provided, the following sums of 
money: 
(a) MINIMUM ANNUAL RENTAL: Tenant, in consideration of said demise, 
does hereby covenant and agree with Landlord to pay to Landlord, without demand, deduction, set-
off or counterclaim of any kind, the sums set forth on Exhibit C as Minimum Annual Rental for 
said Leased Premises, said Minimum Annual Rental to be payable in equal monthly installments, in 
advance, upon the first day of each and every month during the Lease Term, commencing upon the 
Rent Commencement Date and ending upon the Termination Date. If the monthly rental payments 
are not made by the fifth day of the month, Landlord may charge Tenant a five percent ( 5%) late 
payment charge or may call a default. h1 the event such rental shall commence on a day other than 
the first day of a month, then the monthly installment of Minimum Annual Rental for the period 
from the Commencement Date until the first day of the month next following shall be prorated 
accordingly. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Minimum Annual Rental for the first full month of the 


[Page 5]
Lease Tenn shall be paid upon the execution and delivery of this Lease. 
All past due rentals, additional rentals, and/or other sums due to Landlord under the 
terms of this Lease shall bear interest at the maximum rate of interest which is allowed by law in 
the State of TENNESSEE from the due date until paid by Tenant. All rental provided for in this 
Lease (those hereinafter stipulated as well as said Minimum Annual Rental) shall be paid to: 
\Sell Family Partners and mailed to: 
L::-
Sell Family Partners 
C/O Turner & Associates Realty, Inc. 
P.O. Box 150326 
Nashville, TN 37215 
6 I 5-383-7878 
615-383-9878 fax 
or to such other payee or at such other address as Landlord may designate, in writing, to Tenant. 
ARTICLE 6. DELETED 
ARTICLE 7. TENANT'S SHARE OFT AXES AND ASSESSMENTS 
In addition to the Minimum Annual Rental provided for in Section 5 (a) hereof, 
Tenant agrees to pay to Landlord additional rent as follows: 
(a) Tenant shall pay its proportionate share of all real property taxes, public charges 
and assessments (hereinafter referred to as "real estate taxes") (including the cost of any contest of 
any assessment by Landlord pursuant to subparagraph (c) hereof) which may be levied or assessed 
against the Shopping Center or any part thereof by any lawful authority, including any extraordinary 
and/or special assessments assessed or imposed upon the Shopping Center and any improvements 
thereon, which real estate taxes (without limiting the generality of the foregoing) shall include all 
school, sewer, and other taxes or charges and related costs and fees. Tenant's proportionate share of 
said real estate taxes shall be equal to the product obtained by multiplying such real estate taxes by 
a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of square feet of Floor Area in the Leased 
Premises and the denominator of which shall be the total number of square feet of gross leasable 
floor area in the Shopping Center, determined by Landlord as of the day of assessment. If at any 
time during the term of this Lease the methods of taxation prevailing at the commencement of the 
term hereof shall be altered so that in lieu of or as a supplement to or a substitute for the whole or 
any part of the real estate taxes now levied, assessed or imposed on the Shopping Center or any part 
thereof, there shall be levied, assessed or imposed (i) a tax, assessment, levy, imposition or charge, 
wholly or partially as a capital levy or otherwise, on the rents received therefrom, or (ii) a tax, 
assessment, levy (including but not limited to any municipal, state or federal levy), imposition or 
charge measured by or based in whole or in part upon the Shopping Center or any part thereof and 
imposed upon Landlord, or (iii) a license fee measured by the rent payable under this Lease and/or 
other leases in the Shopping Center, or (iv) a license fee or other charge measured by the number or 
area of parking spaces in the Shopping Center, then all such taxes, assessments, levies, impositions, 
fees and charges, or the part thereof so measured or based, shall be deemed to be included in the 
real estate taxes payable by Tenant pursuant to this Article 7 and Tenant shall pay and discharge the 
same as herein provided in respect to the payment of present real estate taxes. 
(b) Tenant's proportionate share of real estate taxes during the term hereof shall be 
paid, in advance, upon billing therefor by Landlord, or, at Landlord's election, in monthly 
installments, in an amount equal to one-twelfth (1112th) of Tenant's annual proportionate share of 
real estate taxes as estimated at any time and from time to time by Landlord. Upon confirmation of 
all tax bills and assessment bills attributed to any Lease Year during the term hereof, Landlord shall 
furnish Tenant with a written statement of the actual amount of Tenant's proportionate share of real 
estate taxes for such Lease Year. If the total amount paid by Tenant under this Article for any Lease 
Year during the term of this Lease shall be less than the actual amount due from Tenant for such 
Lease Year as shown on such statement, Tenant shall pay the deficiency to Landlord within ten (10) 
days after demand therefor by Landlord, and if the total amount paid by Tenant hereunder for any 
such Lease Year shall exceed such amount due from Tenant for such Lease Year, Tenant shall be 
entitled to offset the excess against payments next thereafter becoming due under this Article. 
Landlord's and Tenant's obligations under this Article shall survive the expiration of 
the term of this Lease. 


[Page 6]
{c) If Landlord endeavors at any time to contest any tax or assessment against the 
Shopping Center or to obtain a reduction in the assessed valuation upon the Shopping Center for 
the purpose of reducing any such tax assessment, Tenant agrees to pay its proportionate share of 
Landlord's expenses in so contesting such tax or assessment, said proportionate share to be 
determined and paid in the same manner as set forth in this Article for real estate taxes. Under no 
circumstances shall Tenant have the right to withhold any payments to Landlord pursuant to this 
Article or any other Article of this Lease nor shall Landlord have any obligation to withhold the 
payment of any real estate-taxes levied or assessed by any lawful authority against the Shopping 
Center. If Tenant shall have paid an amount in excess of its proportionate share of taxes for any 
Lease Year as the result of a subsequent reduction in total taxes for such Lease Year, such excess 
(net of Landlord's expenses of obtaining the same) shall be refunded by Landlord to Tenant when 
all refunds to which Landlord shall be entitled from the taxing authority with respect to such Lease 
Year shall have been received by Landlord. 
ARTICLE 8. SUBORDINATION AND ATTORNMENT 
SECTION 8.1 
SUBORDINATION OF LEASE. This Lease, and all rights of 
Tenant hereunder, are and shall be subject and subordinate at all times to the lien of any mortgages 
or any deeds of trust which may now or hereafter affect the Leased Premises or the Shopping 
Center, securing notes and bonds issued by Landlord, and to all renewals, modifications, 
consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof and all amendments and supplements to 
mortgages or deeds of trust. This clause shall be self-operative without the execution of any further 
instrument of subordination. 
SECTION 8.2 A TTORNMENT. In the event any proceedings are brought for 
foreclosure of any mortgage or deed of trust covering the Leased Premises, or in the event of the 
exercise of the power of sale under any mortgage or deed of trust made by Landlord covering the 
Leased Premises, Tenant shall attom to the purchaser upon any such foreclosure or sale and 
recognize such purchaser as the Landlord under this Lease. Tenant further agrees to execute any 
attomment agreement required to effectuate the provisions hereof, containing such provisions as 
such purchaser reasonably requires. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such mortgagee or trustee may at any time 
subordinate its mortgage or deed of trust to this Lease, without Tenant's consent, by notice in 
writing to Tenant and thereupon this Lease shall be deemed prior to such mortgage or deed of trust 
without regard to their respective dates of execution and delivery, and in that event, such mortgagee 
or trustee shall have the same rights with respect to this Lease as though it had been executed and 
delivered prior to the execution and delivery of the mortgage or the deed of trust and had been 
assigned to such mortgagee or trustee. 
SECTION 8.3 CONFIRMATION OF SUBORDINATION. Tenant shall, upon 
request of any party in interest, execute promptly such instruments or certificates to carry out the 
intent of the various sections of this Article 8 as shall be requested by Landlord. If within ten ( I 0) 
days after the date of a request by Landlord to execute any such instrument Tenant shall not have 
executed and delivered the same, Tenant hereby irrevocably appoints Landlord as its agent and 
attorney-in-fact with full power and authority to execute and deliver in the name of Tenant any such 
instruments or certificates, and Landlord may, at its option, cancel this Lease without incurring any 
liability on account thereof, and the term hereby granted is expressly limited accordingly. 
SECTION 8.4 ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE. Within ten (10) days after request 
therefor by the Landlord or any mortgagee or trustee under a mortgage or deed of trust covering the 
Leased Premises, or if, upon any sale, assignment or other transfer of the Leased Premises by 
Landlord, an estoppel certificate shall be requested from Tenant, Tenant at its expense shall deliver 
to Landlord in recordable form a statement to any proposed mortgagee or other transferee, or to 
Landlord certifying any facts that are then true with respect to this Lease Agreement, including 
without limitation (if such be the case) that this Lease Agreement is in full force and effect, that 
Tenant is in possession, that Tenant has commenced the payment of rent, that there have been no 
amendments to or modifications of this Lease Agreement and no prepayment of rental hereunder, 
and that there are no defenses or offsets to the Lease Agreement claimed by Tenant. 
ARTICLE 9. ADDITIONAL CONSTRUCTION 
Landlord hereby reserves the right at any time to make alterations or additions to, 
and to build additional stories on, the building in which the Leased Premises are contained and to 
build adjoining the same. 
Landlord also reserves the right to construct other buildings or 


[Page 7]
improvements, including elevated or double-deck parking facilities; from time to time and to make 
alterations or additions thereto, and to build additional stories on any such building or buildings, 
and to build adjoining the same. 
ARTICLE 10. CONDITION OF LEASED PREMISES 
Tenant's taking possession of the Leased Premises shall be conclusive evidence of 
Tenant's acceptance thereof and Tenant's acknowledgement that the same are in good order and 
satisfactory condition and that Landlord has complied with all of the terms and conditions of this 
lease wi1h respect to the performance of Landlord's Work. Tenant agrees that no representations 
respecting the condition of the Leased Premises and no promises to decorate, alter, repair or 
improve the Leased Premises either before or after the execution hereof, have been made by 
Landlord or its agents to Tenant unless the same are contained herein and made a part hereof. 
ARTICLE 11. REPAIRS AND MAINTENANCE 
Landlord agrees to keep the Roof, foundations and exterior walls, except for 
windows, doors and door jambs located in the exterior walls of the Leased Premises in good 
condition and repair; provided, however that (i) Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any 
damage caused by the same being or becoming out of repair until it has had reasonable opportunity 
to have the same repaired after being notified in writing of the need of same by Tenant; (ii) 
Landlord shall not be liable for any damage to the roof, foundation or exterior walls caused by 
Tenant's act or negligence, and (iii) Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for any damage to 
merchandise, trade fixtures or personal property of Tenant caused by water leakage from the roof, 
water lines, utilities serving the premises, sprinkler or heating and air-conditioning equipment. 
Tenant agrees, at Tenant's expense, to keep all o1herparts of the Leased Premises, including, but not 
limited to, the heating and air-conditioning equipment in good order and repair, and in a clean, 
sanitary and safe condition, including the replacement of equipment, fixtures and all plate glass, and 
to paint and decorate the Leased Premises when necessary in order to maintain at all times a clean 
and sightly appearance. If Tenant refuses or neglects to make any necessary repairs and/or to 
maintain the Leased Premises or any part hereof in a manner satisfactory to Landlord, Landlord 
shall have the right to make such repairs or perform such maintenance on behalf of and for the 
account of Tenant and, in such event, such work shall be paid for by Tenant as additional rental 
within ten (I 0) days of receipt of a bill therefor. Landlord shall replace any major heating and air 
components that need replacing due to reasons other than maintenance for a period of twelve 
months from tum over date. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Landlord 
agrees to repair/replace the HY AC unit if and when the unit fails provided the Tenant has properly 
maintained the unit. After such replacement, it shall be the responsibility of the Tenant to maintain 
repair and replace all HY AC components. 
ARTICLE 12. FIXTURES, ALTERATIONS AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS 
SECTION 12.I NO ALTERATIONS. Tenant shall not make or cause to be made 
any alterations, decorations, additions or improvements or install or cause to be installed any 
fixtures, machinery or equipment, in, on or to the Leased Premises, without first obtaining 
Landlord's written approval. Tenant shall present to Landlord detailed plans and specifications for 
such work each time approval is sought. 
SECTION 12.2 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS. All alterations, decorations, 
additions and improvements made by Tenant, or made by Landlord on Tenant's behalf, shall remain 
the property of Tenant for the term of the Lease, and any extension or renewal thereof, and shall not 
be removed from the Leased Premises wi1hout the prior written consent of Landlord. All such 
alterations, decorations, additions and improvements shall remain upon the Leased Premises at the 
expiration or earlier termination of this Lease and shall thereupon become the property of Landlord, 
unless Landlord shall have given written notice to Tenant to remove all or any part of the same, in 
which event Tenant shall remove such alterations, decorations, additions and improvements and 
restore the Leased Premises to the same good order and condition in which it was at the 
commencement of this Lease. Should Tenant fail so to do, Landlord may do so, collecting from 
Tenant upon demand the cost and expense thereof as additional rent. 
SECTION 12.3 TRADE FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT. All trade machinery, 
trade equipment, trade fixtures, furniture and furnishings installed by Tenant in the Leased Premises 
may be removed at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease or any renewal or extension 
thereof, provided Tenant shall not then be in default under this Lease, and provided further, that in 
the event of removal Tenant shall promptly restore the Leased Premises to their original order and 


[Page 8]
condition. Any such trade machinery, trade equipment, trade fixtures, furniture and furnishings not 
removed at or prior to such termination shall be and become the property of Landlord and may be 
retained by Landlord or disposed ofby Landlord at Tenant's expense. 
ARTICLE 13. TAXES ON LEASED PREMISES AND LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS 
Tenant shall pay before delinquency all taxes, assessments, license fees and public 
charges levied, assessed or imposed upon its business operations in the Leased Premises as well as 
upon its machinery, equipment, fixtures (including, without limitation all trade machinery, trade 
equipment and trade fixtures), furniture, furnishings, alterations, decorations, additions and 
improvements (including, but not limited to, those Tenant is required to make in accordance with 
the provisions of Section 3.1 hereof), stock in trade and other personal property in, on or upon the 
Leased Premises. If any such items of property are assessed with property of Landlord, then such 
assessment shall be divided between Landlord and Tenant so that Tenant shall pay only its 
equitable proportion of such assessment. Landlord shall determine the basis of so prorating any 
such assessments and such determination shall be binding upon both Landlord and Tenant. 
ARTICLE 14. LIENS 
Tenant agrees to pay promptly for any work done (or material furnished) by or on 
behalf of Tenant in or about the Leased Premises, and Tenant shall not permit or suffer any lien to 
attach to the Leased Premises or the Shopping Center by reason of any work, labor, services or 
materials performed at or furnished to, or claimed to have been performed at or furnished to, the 
Leased Premises by, or at the direction or sufferance of, Tenant or anyone holding the Leased 
Premises through or under Tenant, and Tenant shall promptly cause any such lien, or any claim 
therefor, to be released. 
ARTICLE 15. LAWS AND ORDINANCES 
SECTION 15.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS. Tenant agrees to comply with all 
laws, ordinances, orders and regulations affecting the use and occupancy of the Leased Premises 
and the cleanliness, safety and operation thereof. Tenant agrees to comply with the regulations and 
requirements of any insurance underwriter, inspection bureau or similar agency with respect to the 
Leased Premises. Tenant also agrees to permit Landlord to comply with such recommendations 
and requirements with respect to that portion of the Leased Premises furnished or installed by 
Landlord. 
SECTION 15.2 PROHIBITED CONDUCT. Tenant agrees not to (i) permit any 
immoral practice to be carried on or committed on the Leased Premises; (ii) make use of or allow 
the Leased Premises to be used for any purposes other than that specified in Section 1.1 M hereof or 
that might invalidate or increase the rate of insurance therefor; (iii) keep or use or permit to be kept 
or used on the Leased Premises any flammable fluids or explosives without the prior written 
permission of Landlord; (iv) use the Leased Premises for any purpose whatsoever which might 
create or tend to create a nuisance or injure or tend to injure the reputation of the Leased Premises 
or of the Shopping Center; (v) deface or injure the Leased Premises; (vi) overload the floors in the 
Leased Premises; or (vii) commit or suffer any waste in the Leased Premises. Tenant shall not 
violate the terms of the Dollar General "Exclusive Use Covenant" attached hereto as Exhibit G. 
Any items found to be in conflict with said Exclusive shall be removed from the Premises and no 
longer sold. Upon written notice from Landlord of violation of the Exclusive Use Covenant, 
Tenant shall immediately remove items in question or Landlord may terminate this Lease. 
ARTICLE 16. UTILITIES SERVICES 
Tenant shall pay for all water, electricity, sewer, gas and telephone services used on 
or about the Leased Premises as and when charges therefor shall become due and payable, and for 
all costs and expenses involved in the care, maintenance, management, and use thereof. Tenant 
shall make all appropriate applications to the local utility companies and pay all required deposits 
for service for all utilities within ten (10) days after the date of this Lease. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Landlord may, at Landlord's option, elect to supply or make available any utility used 
and/or consumed at the Leased Premises, and Tenant agrees to purchase and pay for the same, as 
additional rent, every month during the term hereof. In no event shall Landlord be liable to Tenant 
in damages or otherwise for any interruption, curtailment or suspension of any utility services, nor 
shall Tenant be entitled to any abatement of rent by reason of the same. 
In the event any utility or utility services are furnished to Tenant for which a lien 


[Page 9]
could be filed against the Leased Premises, the Shopping Center or any portion thereof (such as 
water rent or sewage disposal), Tenant shall, at Landlord's request, pay the cost thereof to Landlord 
as and when the charges therefor become due and payable, or in monthly installments if Landlord 
shall so direct; otherwise, Tenant shall deliver original receipted bills therefor to Landlord within 
thirty (30) days after the same are due and payable without interest or penalty. 
ARTICLE 17. COMMON AREAS AND OPERATING EXPENSES 
SECTION 17.1 DEFINITION OF COMMON AREAS. The "common areas", as 
herein referred to, shall consist of all parking areas, roadways, sidewalks, curbs, driveways, 
landscaped areas, loading platforms, roofs, canopies, washrooms, lounges and shelters, if any, and 
any other facilities which Landlord may make available from time to time for the common use and 
benefit of all of the tenants in "SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER", and their respective 
employees, agents, customers, licensees and invitees. 
SECTION 17.2 MAINTENANCE AND USE OF COMMON AREAS. 
Landlord shall, subject to events beyond its reasonable control, maintain, or cause to be maintained, 
the common areas. Landlord shall have and hereby reserves at any time or times during the tenn of 
this Lease: (i) the right to redesignate and to change the size, location, shape and arrangement of the 
common areas and to promulgate and enforce rules and regulations in connection with the use 
thereof; (ii) the right to grant to others the nonexclusive use of the common areas; and (iii) the right 
to close all or any portion of the common areas including, but not by way of limitation, the parking 
areas, parking facilities, approaches, exits, entrances, roadways and all other common and public 
facilities to such extent as may, in the opinion of Landlord, be necessary to prevent a dedication 
thereof or the accrual of any rights therein in any person, provided, however, that any change shall 
not adversely affect Tenant's business. 
SECTION 17.3 DEFINITION OF OPERATING EXPENSES. As used in this 
Lease, the term "operating expenses" means the total of all items of Landlord's expense relating to 
insuring, operating, managing, equipping, policing and protecting, lighting, repairing, replacing and 
maintaining the Shopping Center, including the common areas, in as good condition as when 
originally installed (including equipment depreciation used in the maintenance of the Shopping 
Center, including the common areas). 
Such costs shall include, but not be limited to, pest 
extermination, supervised fire sprinkler alarm service, removal of trash, snow, ice, rubbish, dirt and 
debris, costs of planting, replanting and replacing flowers and landscaping and supplies required 
therefor, and all cost of utilities used in connection therewith, including, but not by way of 
limitation, all costs of maintaining lighting facilities, signage, and storm drainage systems, and all 
premiums for liability, property damage, fire with extended coverage endorsements and Worker's 
Compensation insurance, wages, unemployment taxes, social security taxes, personal property 
taxes, fees for required licenses and permits, management fees, and administrative and overhead 
costs equal to 15% of all of the foregoing and all other operating expenses. 
SECTION 17.4 TENANT'S SHARE OF OPERATING EXPENSES. 
Tenant shall pay to Landlord, in monthly installments in amounts estimated at any time and from 
time to time by Landlord, Tenant's proportionate share of the operating expenses, which 
proportionate share shall be the product obtained by multiplying such operating expenses by a 
fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of square feet of Floor Area in the Leased 
Premises, and the denominator of which shall be the total number of square feet of gross leasable 
floor area in the Shopping Center. 
SECTION 17.5 
ADJUSTMENT OF TENANT'S SHARE OF OPERATING 
EXPENSES. Upon written request, Landlord shall furnish to Tenant a statement showing the total 
operating expenses for the period just expired, the amount of Tenant's share of such operating 
expenses and payments made by Tenant during such period under Section 17.4 hereof. If Tenant's 
share of such operating expenses for such period shall exceed Tenant's payments so made, Tenant 
shall pay to Landlord the deficiency within ten (I 0) days after receipt of said statement. If Tenant's 
payments shall exceed Tenant's share of such operating expenses as shown on such statement, 
Tenant shall be entitled to offset the excess against payments next thereafter becoming due under 
Section 17.4 hereof. 
ARTICLE 18. DAMAGE TO LEASED PREMISES 
If the Leased Premises shall be partially damaged by a fire or casualty covered under 
insurance policies carried by Landlord pursuant to Article 17 hereof, Landlord shall, upon receipt of 


[Page 10]
the insurance proceeds, repair and restore the same; provided, however, that the obligation of 
Landlord to repair and restore the Leased Premises as herein provided shall be limited to such 
restoration as can be paid for in full by such insurance proceeds as shall actually be received by 
Landlord, free and clear from collection by any mortgagees and after deducting the cost and 
expense, if any, including attorney's fees of settling with the insurer, and provided further, that in no 
event shall Landlord be responsible for the repair, restoration or replacement of any of Tenant's 
alterations, decorations, additions, improvements, stock in trade, machinery, equipment, fixtures, 
furnishings, furniture, carpeting, wall coverings, drapes and equipment, the repair, restoration or 
replacement of which shall be the sole responsibility of Tenant. 
If (a) the Leased Premises by reason of a fire or casualty are rendered wholly 
untenantable or partially untenantable to the extent of twenty percent (20%) of the value thereof, (b) 
the Leased Premises are damaged as a result of a risk which is not covered by Landlord's insurance, 
or (c) the Leased Premises are damaged in whole or in part during the last 
SIX MONTHS 
(6) 
MONTHS of the term of this Lease or any renewal thereof, or (d) all or any portion of the common 
areas or other buildings within the Shopping Center are damaged, whether or not the Leased 
Premises are damaged, to such an extent that the Shopping Center cannot, in the reasonable 
judgement of Landlord, be operated as an integral unit, then in any such event, Landlord may elect 
either to repair the damage or to cancel this Lease. If Landlord shall elect to terminate this Lease, 
Landlord shall so notify Tenant in writing within ninety (90) days after the date of the casualty. In 
the event of termination, this Lease shall expire at the end of the calendar month in which such 
notice of termination is given, and Tenant shall vacate and surrender the Leased Premises to 
Landlord on or before said date. In the event that Landlord shall not serve notice of termination, 
Landlord and Tenant shall commence their respective obligations to repair and restore as soon as is 
reasonably possible and shall prosecute the same to completion with all due diligence. 
ARTICLE 19. TENANT'S INSURANCE 
Tenant shall keep in full force and effect a Broad Form Comprehensive Liability 
Insurance policy with respect to the Leased Premises during the entire term hereof, with minimum 
limits of not less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) for personal injury or death 
arising out of any one occurrence, and not less than ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00) 
for damage to property arising out of any one occurrence. If the term of this Lease is in excess of 
two (2) years, Landlord may reasonably increase the minimum limits of the insurance required 
pursuant to this Article 19. 
Tenant further agrees to carry sprinkler leakage and damage insurance (if required), 
insurance against vandalism and malicious mischief, and insurance against fire and such other risk 
as are from time to time included in standard broad form extended coverage insurance, for the full 
insurable value of Tenant's stock in trade, machinery, equipment, fixtures, furniture, furnishings, 
wall coverings, floor coverings, draperies, equipment and other items of personal property located 
on or within the Leased Premises, and all alterations, decorations, additions and improvements 
made in and about the Leased Premises. Tenant shall also carry plate glass insurance if plate glass 
is now or hereafter installed on the Leased Premises. 
All policies of insurance required to be maintained by Tenant hereunder shall name 
Landlord, any person, firms or corporations designated by Landlord, and Tenant as insured, shall 
name Landlord as additional insured, and shall contain an express waiver of any right of 
subrogation against Landlord. 
Tenant agrees that all insurance Tenant is required to maintain under this Lease shall 
be in insurance companies lawfully doing business in the State of TENNESSEE and of good credit 
satisfactory to Landlord, and that the original policies or true copies or certificates evidencing all of 
the aforementioned insurance coverage shall be delivered to Landlord within twenty (20) days prior 
to the commencement of the term hereof and shall contain a clause that the insurer will not cancel 
or change the insurance without first giving the Landlord twenty (20) days' prior written notice 
thereof and, further, that new or renewal policies shall be delivered by Tenant to Landlord at least 
twenty (20) days before the expiration date or sooner termination of each policy. 
If Tenant shall not comply with its covenants made in this Article, Landlord may, at 
its option, cause insurance as aforesaid to be issued and in such event, Tenant agrees to pay the 
premiums for such insurance promptly upon Landlord's demand, as additional rent. 
ARTICLE 20. INDEMNIFICATION 
SECTION 20.1 
INDEMNIFICATION. 
Tenant shall and hereby agrees to 


[Page 11]
indemnify and hold Landlord, its agents, officers and employees harmless from and against any and 
all liability, claims, demands, expenses, fees, fines, penalties, suits, proceedings, actions, and causes 
of action of any and every kind and nature arising or growing out of or in any way connected with 
Tenant's use, occupancy, management or control of the Leased Premises and/or Tenant's operations 
or activities in the Shopping Center. 
This obligation to indemnify shall include legal and 
investigation costs and all other costs, expenses and liabilities incurred from the date the indemnitee 
receives notice that any claim or demand has been made or may be made. 
SECTION 20.2 W AIYER OF CLAIMS. Landlord, its agents and employees, shall 
not be liable and Tenant hereby waives, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all claims for any 
damage to persons or property sustained by Tenant or any person claiming through Tenant located 
in or about the Leased Premises, or for the loss of or damage to any property of Tenant or of others 
by theft or otherwise, whether caused by other tenants or persons in the Shopping Center or in or 
about the Leased Premises, occupants of adjacent property, or the public, or caused by operations 
related to the construction of any private, public or quasi-public work. All property of Tenant kept 
or stored in or about the Leased Premises shall be so kept or stored at the risk of Tenant only and 
Tenant shall hold Landlord harmless from any claims arising out of damage to the same or damage 
to Tenant's business, including subrogation claims by Tenant's insurance carrier. 
ARTICLE 21. ASSIGNMENT, SUBLETTING AND OWNERSHIP 
SECTION 21.1 NO ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLETTING. Tenant shall not transfer, 
assign, sublet, enter into license or concession agreements, change ownership or hypothecate this 
Lease or Tenant's interest in and to the Leased Premises without first obtaining the written consent 
of Landlord. Any attempted transfer, assignment, subletting, license or concession agreement, 
change of ownership or hypothecation without the Landlord's written consent shall be void and 
confer no rights upon any third party. The prohibitions of this Section shall be construed to refer to 
any acts or events referred to whether they occur by operation of law, legal process, receivership, 
bankruptcy or otherwise. 
Notwithstanding any transfer, assignment, subletting, license or 
concession agreement, change of ownership or hypothecation, Tenant shall remain fully liable 
under this Lease for the performance of all of the terms, covenants and provisions hereof to be 
performed by Tenant unless a release is granted by Landlord in writing pursuant to assignment. 
SECTION 21.2 
FURTHER TRANSFERS. 
The consent by Landlord to any 
transfer, assignment, subletting, license or concession agreement, change of ownership or 
hypothecation shall not constitute a waiver of the necessity for such consent to any subsequent 
attempted transfer, assignment, subletting, license or concession agreement, change of ownership or 
hypothecation. 
SECTION 21.3 ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS. Any transfer, assignment, 
subletting, license or concession agreement or hypothecation to which there has been consent shall 
be by instrument in writing, in form satisfactory to Landlord, and shall be executed by the 
transferor, assignor, sublessor, licensor, concessionaire, hypothecator or mortgagor, and the 
transferee, assignee, sublessee, licensee, concessionaire, or mortgagee shall agree in writing for the 
benefit of Landlord, to assume, to be bound by, and to perform all the terms, covenants and 
conditions of this Lease to be done, kept and performed by Tenant. One executed copy of such 
written instrument shall be delivered to Landlord. Failure to first obtain in writing Landlord's 
consent or failure to comply with the provisions of this Section shall operate to prevent any such 
transfer assignment, subletting, license, concession agreement or hypothecation from becoming 
effective. 
SECTION 21.4 OWNERSHIP. If control of Tenant or Tenant's business changes 
at any time during the term hereof, then Landlord may, at its option, by giving Tenant fifteen (15) 
days prior written notice, declare such a change a default under this Lease, thereby entitling 
Landlord to terminate this Lease and/or exercise such other remedies as Landlord may have in the 
event of a default by Tenant under this Lease. 
SECTION 21.5 PAYMENT OF FEES. Tenant agrees to reimburse Landlord for 
any attorney's fees and costs incurred by Landlord in conjunction with the processing and 
documentation of any such requested transfer, assignment, subletting, licensing or concession 
agreement, change of ownership or hypothecation of this Lease or Tenant's interest in and to the 
Leased Premises. Said reimbursement shall be capped at $500.00. 
ARTICLE 22. ACCESS TO PREMISES 
Tenant agrees that Landlord, its agents, employees or servants, or any person 


[Page 12]
authorized by Landlord, may enter the Leased Premises for the purpose of (a) inspecting the 
condition of same; (b) making such repairs, additions or improvements thereto, or to the building of 
which they are a part, as Landlord may elect or be required to make; (c) exhibiting the same to 
prospective purchasers of the building and/or prospective tenants who may want to lease space in 
the shopping center in which the Leased Premises are contained; and ( d) placing notices and/or For 
Lease signs, during the last four (4) months of the term hereof, in and upon said premises at such 
places as may be determined by Landlord. Tenant agrees that neither Tenant nor any person within 
Tenant's control will interfere with such notices. 
ARTICLE 23. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES OF LANDLORD 
(a) The occurrence of any of the following shall constitute a default under or breach 
of this Lease by Tenant: 
(i) 
A failure by Tenant to commence business with a full staff of 
employees and a full stock of merchandise within the time period specified in Section 2.3 hereof; 
(ii) 
A failure by Tenant to pay when due any installment of rent, or any 
other payment required to be made by Tenant hereunder; 
(iii) The discontinuance by Tenant of the conduct of business in the Leased 
Premises; 
(iv) 
A failure by Tenant to observe and perform any other provision of 
this Lease to be observed or performed by Tenant, which failure shall continue for ten (I 0) days 
after written notice thereof from Landlord to Tenant; provided, however, that if the nature of the 
failure is such that the same cannot reasonably be cured within such ten (I 0) day period, Tenant 
shall not be deemed to be in default if Tenant shall within such period commence the cure thereof 
and thereafter shall diligently prosecute the same to completion; 
(v) 
(aa) The entry of a decree or order for relief by a court having 
jurisdiction in respect of Tenant or any guarantor of this Lease (any and all such guarantors 
hereinafter individually referred to as "Guarantor") in an involuntary proceeding under present or 
future federal bankruptcy laws, or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or 
other similar law, or (bb) The appointment of, or consent by Tenant or any Guarantor to the 
appointment of, a receiver, liquidator, assignee, custodian, trustee, sequestrator ( or similar official) 
for Tenant or any Guarantor or for part of the Leased Premises (or Tenant's property located 
therein) or for any substantial part of Tenant's or any Guarantor's property, or (cc) The entry (and 
continuance unstayed and in effect for a period of sixty (60) consecutive days) of an order or decree 
winding-up or liquidating Tenant's or any Guarantor's affairs, or (dd) The commencement by 
Tenant or any Guarantor of a voluntary proceeding under present or future federal bankruptcy laws, 
or any other applicable federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law, or (ee) The 
consent by Tenant or any Guarantor to the taking possession by a receiver, liquidator, assignee, 
trustee, custodian, sequestrator ( or other similar official) or any part of the Leased Premises ( or 
Tenant's property located therein) or any substantial part of Tenant's or any Guarantor's property, or 
(ff) The making by Tenant or any Guarantor of any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or (gg) 
The failure of Tenant or any Guarantor generally to pay Tenant's or any Guarantor's debts as such 
debts become due, or (hh) The taking of corporate action by Tenant or any Guarantor in furtherance 
of any of the foregoing, or (ii) Tenant permitting the Leased Premises or Tenant's effects or interests 
therein to be taken, levied upon or attached under legal process against Tenant. 
(b) 
In the event of any default under this Lease as hereinabove set forth or 
otherwise, Landlord may, at any time thereafter, with or without notice or demand, and without 
limiting Landlord in the exercise of any other remedy at law or in equity or otherwise which 
Landlord may have by reason of the default, do one or more of the following: 
(i) 
Landlord may elect to terminate this Lease and all rights of Tenant 
hereunder by giving written notice of such termination to Tenant, whereupon this Lease shall 
terminate on the date specified in such notice of cancellation, and Tenant shall thereupon surrender 
the Leased Premises to Landlord, but Tenant shall remain liable to Landlord as hereinafter 
provided. 
In such event Landlord may recover from Tenant: (aa) the amount of any unpaid rent which had 
been earned at the time of such termination; plus (bb) all damages Landlord incurred by reason of 
Tenant's default, including the cost of recovering the Leased Premises, attorneys' fees and, in 
addition, the worth at the time of such termination of the amount of rent reserved in this Lease for 
the remainder of the Lease Term, all of which amount shall be immediately due and payable from 
Tenant to Landlord; plus (cc) any other amount necessary to compensate Landlord for all detriment 


[Page 13]
caused by Tenant's failure to perform its obligations under this Lease; and (dd) at Landlord's 
election, such other amounts in addition to or in lieu of the foregoing as may be permitted from 
time to time by applicable law. 
The term "rent" as used in this Article 23 shall mean 
the Minimum Annual Rental and all other sums required to be paid by Tenant pursuant to the terms 
of this Lease. For the purpose of calculating the amount ofrent due Landlord from Tenant after any 
default by Tenant and re-entry of the Leased Premises or termination of this Lease by Landlord, all 
such sums, other than the Minimum Annual Rental, shall be computed on the basis of the average 
monthly amount thereof which accrued during the twenty-four (24) month period immediately 
preceding the default, except that if such sums other than Minimum Annual Rental have been 
payable for a period of time less than such twenty-four (24) month period, then such sums shall be 
computed on the basis of the average monthly amount accruing during such shorter period. 
(ii) Landlord may continue this Lease in full force and effect, regardless of whether 
or not Tenant has abandoned the Leased Premises, and this Lease will continue in effect as long as 
Landlord does not terminate this Lease as hereinabove provided, and Landlord shall have the right 
to collect rent as and when due. In addition: 
(aa) During the period that Tenant is in default, Landlord may elect to enter 
the Leased Premises and relet the same, or any part thereof. Any rentals received by Landlord from 
such reletting shall be applied: first, to the payment of indebtedness other than rent due hereunder 
from Tenant to Landlord; second, to the payment of any cost of such reletting; third, to the payment 
of the cost of any alterations and repairs to the Leased Premises; fourth, to the payment of the rent 
due and unpaid hereunder; and the residue, if any shall be held by Landlord and applied in payment 
of future rent as the same may become due and payable hereunder. If that portion of the rentals 
received from such reletting during any month which is to be applied to the payment of rent 
hereunder is less than the rent payable for that month by Tenant hereunder, then Tenant shall pay 
such deficiency to Landlord. Such deficiency shall be calculated and paid monthly. Tenant shall 
also pay to Landlord, as soon as ascertained, any costs and expenses incurred by Landlord in such 
reletting or in making such alterations and repairs not covered by the rentals received from such 
reletting of the Leased Premises. 
(bb) Neither Landlord's acts of maintenance or preservation or efforts to 
rel et the Leased Premises, nor the appointment of a receiver upon the initiative of the Landlord to 
protect Landlord's interests under the Lease, shall constitute a termination of Tenant's right to 
possession unless Landlord notifies Tenant that Landlord has elected to terminate this Lease. 
(iii) Landlord may re-enter the Leased Premises and remove all persons and property 
from the Leased Premises; such property may be removed and stored in a public warehouse or 
elsewhere at the cost of and for the account of Tenant. 
No re-entry or taking possession of the Leased Premises by Landlord pursuant to 
this Article 23 shall be construed as an election to terminate this Lease, unless a written notice of 
termination has been given to Tenant. Notwithstanding any reletting because of any default of 
Tenant without termination by Landlord, Landlord may at any time after such reletting elect to 
terminate this Lease because of any such default. 
The parties hereby waive trial by jury in any action, proceeding or counterclaim 
brought by either of the parties hereto against the other on any matters whatsoever arising out of or 
in any way connected with this Lease, the relationship of Landlord and Tenant, Tenant's use or 
occupancy of the Leased Premises or any claim of injury or damage. 
In the event Landlord 
commences any proceedings for nonpayment of Minimum Annual Rental or any other charge due 
hereunder, Tenant will not interpose any counterclaim of whatever nature or description in any such 
proceedings. 
Tenant hereby expressly waives any and all rights of redemption granted by or under 
present or future laws in the event of Tenant being evicted or dispossessed for any cause or in the 
event of Landlord obtaining possession of the Leased Premises by reason of the violation by Tenant 
of any of the provisions of this Lease or otherwise. 
In the event of a breach or threatened breach by Tenant of any provision of this 
Lease, Landlord shall have the right of injunction as if other remedies were not provided for herein. 
The rights and remedies given to Landlord in this Lease are distinct, separate and cumulative 
remedies, and the exercise of any of them shall not be deemed to exclude Landlord's right to 
exercise any or all of the others or those which may be permitted by law. 
Tenant expressly waives any right of defense which it may have to claim a merger 
and neither the commencement of any action or proceeding nor the settlement thereof or entering of 


[Page 14]
judgement therein shall bar Landlord from bringing subsequent actions or proceedings from time to 
time. 
ARTICLE 24. REMEDIES CUMULATIVE 
No mention in this Lease of any specific right or remedy shall preclude Landlord 
from exercising any other right or from having any other remedy or from maintaining any action to 
which it may otherwise be entitled either at law or in equity; and the failure of Landlord to insist in 
any one or more instances upon a strict performance of any covenant of this Agreement or to 
exercise any option or right herein contained shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment 
for the future of such covenant, right or option, but the same shall remain in full force and effect 
unless the contrary is expressed in writing by Landlord. 
ARTICLE 25. SELF-HELP 
If Tenant shall fail to perform any of its obligations under this Lease as and when 
said performance shall be required, Landlord may, (but shall not be obligated to do so), in addition 
to any other rights it may have at law or equity, cure such default on behalf of Tenant, and Tenant 
shall reimburse Landlord for any sums paid or costs incurred by Landlord in curing such default, 
including interest, at the maximum rate of interest which is allowed by law in the State of 
TENNESSEE, on all sums advanced by Landlord as aforesaid, which sums and costs together with 
interest thereon shall be deemed additional rent payable hereunder by Tenant. 
ARTICLE 26. DELETED 
ARTICLE 27. TENANT'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS 
SECTION 27.1 OBLIGATION TO OPEN. 
Tenant covenants and agrees that it will open for business in the Leased Premises 
within thirty (30) days of the delivery of possession of the Leased Premises by Landlord to Tenant. 
Tenant agrees to continuously operate its business in I 00% of the Leased Premises, and at all times 
in a first-class manner consistent with reputable business standards and practices. Tenant agrees 
that it will at all times employ a full staff of trained personnel and keep and maintain within and 
upon the Leased Premises a full stock of merchandise and trade fixtures to service and supply the 
usual and ordinary demands and requirements of its customers and that it will keep the Leased 
Premises in a neat, clean and orderly condition. Tenant also agrees to conduct Tenant's business 
only under the trade name set forth in Section I. IF hereof. Tenant further agrees to keep the Leased 
Premises open and to operate the business conducted thereon no less than 35 HOURS PER WEEK. 
SECTION 27.2 TENANT'S ADVERTISING. 
Tenant agrees to refer to the Shopping Center as ""SPRING HILL SHOPPING 
CENTER", Spring Hill, TN, TENNESSEE in designating the location of the Leased Premises in all 
newspaper or other advertising, stationery, other printed material and all other references to 
Tenant's location; to include the address and identity of its business activity in the Leased Premises 
in all advertisements made by Tenant in which the address and identity of any other business 
activity of like character conducted by Tenant within the metropolitan area in which the Shopping 
Center is located shall be mentioned, and to use, in such advertisement, only Tenant's trade name as 
set forth in Section 1.1 F hereof 
SECTION 27.3 TENANT'S SIGNAGE. 
In order to assure orderly and aesthetically coordinated signage throughout the 
Shopping Center, Tenant shall install or cause to be installed, at Tenant's sole cost and expense, a 
sign of individual letter type and to be approved b the Landlord prior to installation. Within ninety 
(90) days from the date hereof, Tenant shall, at its sole cost and expense, deliver to Landlord 
drawings for said sign, designating the size sign selected by Tenant from choices provided by 
Landlord. Said drawings shall be subject to Landlord's prior written approval as to size, nature, 
design and aesthetic properties and shall conform with such other sign design criteria as Landlord 
shall deliver to Tenant following the execution of this Lease. Tenant shall not place or suffer to be 
placed or maintained on any exterior door, wall or window of the Leased Premises or on the roof of 
the Leased Premises any sign ( except as hereinabove provided), awning or canopy, or any 
advertising matter or other thing of any kind, and will not place or maintain any decoration, 


[Page 15]
lettering or advertising matter on the glass (interior or exterior) of any window or door of the 
Leased Premises without first obtaining Landlord's written approval. Tenant further agrees to 
maintain in good condition and repair at all times such sign, awning, canopy, decoration, lettering, 
advertising matter or other thing as may be approved by Landlord as aforesaid. 
ARTICLE 28. RULES AND REGULATIONS 
Tenant covenants and agrees that Tenant will comply with all rules and regulations 
established by Landlord from time to time for the operation of "SPRING HILL SHOPPING 
CENTER", including but not limited to the following: 
(a) 
No awning or other projections shall be attached to the outside walls of the 
Leased Premises or the building of which they form a part, without the prior written consent of 
Landlord; 
(b) 
All loading and unloading of goods shall be done in the areas and through 
the entrances designated for such purpose by Landlord; 
(c) 
Tenant shall provide for Tenant's own garbage and trash removal; provided, 
however that should Landlord elect to supply or cause to be supplied a trash removal service, 
Tenant agrees to purchase and pay Landlord for the same and to deposit Tenant's trash as and where 
directed by Landlord; 
(d) 
No loudspeakers, televisions, phonographs, radios, flashing lights or other 
devices shall be used in a manner so as to be heard or seen outside of the Leased Premises without 
the prior written consent of Landlord; 
(e) 
No auction, fire, bankruptcy or selling-out sales shall be conducted on or 
about the Leased Premises without the prior written consent of Landlord; 
(f) 
Tenant shall keep Tenant's display windows illuminated each and every day 
of the term hereof from dusk until 10 p.m. 
(g) 
The outside areas immediately adjoining the Leased Premises shall be kept 
clear at all times by Tenant, and Tenant shall not place nor permit any obstructions, garbage, refuse, 
merchandise or displays in such areas; 
(h) 
Nothing is to be attached or placed on the roof or exterior walls of the 
Leased Premises without Landlord's prior approval, and Tenant's access to the roof shall be limited 
to maintenance of equipment installed with Landlord's approval and inspections for damage. 
Tenant shall not enter the roof at any time without the prior written approval of Landlord; 
(i) 
Tenant shall use, at Tenant's expense, such pest extermination contractor as 
Landlord may direct and at such intervals as Landlord may require, said expense to be included as 
part of operating expenses defined in Article 17 hereof; 
U) 
Tenant, its employees and/or its agents, shall not solicit business in the 
parking or other common areas, nor shall Tenant, its employees and/or agents, distribute any 
handbills or other advertising matter in or on automobiles parked in the parking or other common 
areas; 
(k) 
In the event Landlord installs a supervised fire sprinkler alarm system for the 
protection of all or part of the Shopping Center (including the Leased Premises), Tenant agrees to 
pay its prorata share of the monthly alarm service charge, such charge to be included as part of the 
operating expenses defined in Article 17 hereof; 
(I) 
Tenant shall not make any use of the Leased Premises except as expressly 
permitted under Section I. 1 M, and Tenant shall not operate any instrument, apparatus, equipment 
or device which emits an odor or causes a noise discernible outside of the Leased Premises or 
which may be deemed offensive in nature. TENANT SHALL NOT VIOLATE ARTICLE 15.2 
HEREOF. 
Landlord shall, for the enforcement of the covenants, conditions and agreements 
now or hereafter made a part of this Article 28 (referred to as "Rules and Regulations") have all 
remedies in this Lease provided for breach of the provisions hereof. 
ARTICLE 29. EMINENT DOMAIN 
SECTION 29.1 
CONDEMNATION. If twenty percent (20%) or more of the 
Leased Premises shall be acquired or condemned by right of eminent domain for any public or 
quasi-public use or purpose, then either Landlord or Tenant may, at their election, terminate this 
Lease by giving the other party ninety (90) days' prior written notice of their election to do so, and 
in such event all rentals shall be apportioned and adjusted as of the date of termination. 
If ten percent (I 0%) or more of the Shopping Center shall be acquired or 


[Page 16]
condemned by right of eminent domain for any public or quasi-public use or purpose, then 
Landlord may, at its election, terminate this Lease by giving Tenant ninety (90) days' prior written 
notice of its election to do so, and in such event all rentals shall be apportioned and adjusted as of 
the date of such termination. 
If the Lease shall not be terminated as aforesaid, then it shall continue in full force 
and effect, and Landlord shall within a reasonable time after possession is physically taken (subject 
to delays due to shortage of labor, materials, or equipment, labor difficulties, breakdown of 
equipment, governmental restrictions, fires, or other casualties or other causes beyond the control of 
the Landlord) repair or rebuild what remains of the Leased Premises for Tenant's occupancy; 
provided, however that the obligation of Landlord to restore the Leased Premises as herein provided 
shall be limited to such restoration as can be paid for in full by such condemnation proceeds as shall 
actually be received by Landlord, free and clear from collection by any mortgagees, and after 
deducting the cost and expense, if any, including attorney's fees, of settling with the condemning 
authority. An appropriate proportion of the Minimum Annual Rental and other charges shall be 
abated according to the nature and extent of the injury to the Leased Premises until such repairs and 
rebuilding are completed, and thereafter for the balance of the Lease Term. 
SECTION 29.2 AW ARDS. Landlord reserves, and Tenant waives for the benefit 
of Landlord and assigns to Landlord, all rights and damages on account of any taking or 
condemnation or any act of any public or quasi-public authority for which damages are payable. 
Tenant shall execute such instruments of assignment as Landlord requires, join with Landlord in 
any action for the recovery damages, if requested by Landlord, and tum over to Landlord any 
damages recovered in any proceeding. If Tenant fails to execute instruments required by Landlord 
or undertake such other steps as requested, Landlord shall be deemed the duly authorized 
irrevocable agent and attorney-in-fact for the Tenant to execute such instruments and undertake 
such steps on behalf of Tenant. 
ARTICLE 30. ATTORNEY'S FEES 
In the event that at any time during the term of this Lease or thereafter, Landlord 
shall institute any action or proceedings against Tenant relating to the provisions of this Lease or 
any default by Tenant hereunder, then Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the expense of such 
attorney's fees and disbursements as are incurred therein by Landlord provided Landlord prevails in 
the legal proceedings. 
ARTICLE 3 I. SALE OF PREMISES BY LANDLORD 
In the event of any sale or exchange of the Leased Premises by Landlord, Landlord 
shall be and is hereby entirely freed and relieved of all liability under any and all of its covenants 
and obligations contained in or derived from this Lease arising out of any act, occurrence or 
omission relating to the Leased Premises or this Lease. 
ARTICLE 32. NOTICES 
Any notices, demands, consents or approvals required or permitted to be made or 
given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be made or given by personal delivery or be sent by 
certified or registered mail addressed, ifto Landlord, at the address at which the last rental payment 
was made or required to be made, and if to Tenant, addressed to Tenant at "SPRING HILL 
SHOPPING CENTER" 5441 Main Street Suite 4, Spring Hill, TN 37174, or to such other address 
as was last specified respectively by notice by Landlord or Tenant. Notice sent by mail shall be 
deemed given on the date of mailing thereof. 
ARTICLE 33. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS 
All covenants, promises, conditions, representations and agreements herein 
contained shall be binding upon, apply and inure to the parties hereto and their respective heirs, 
executors, administrators, successors and assigns, it being understood and agreed, however, that the 
provisions of Article 21 hereof are in nowise impaired by this Article 33. 
ARTICLE 34. REPRESENTATIONS 
It is understood and agreed by Tenant that Landlord and Landlord's agents have 
made no representations or promises with respect to the Leased Premises or the making or entry 
into this Lease, except as in this Lease expressly set forth, and that no claim or liability, or cause for 
termination, shall be asserted by Tenant against Landlord for, and Landlord shall not be liable by 


[Page 17]
reason of, the breach of any representations or promises not expressly stated in this Lease. 
ARTICLE 35. EFFECT OF W AIYER 
The failure of Landlord to insist upon strict performance by Tenant of any of the 
covenants, conditions, and agreements of this Lease shall not be deemed a waiver of any of 
Landlord's rights or remedies and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach or default 
by Tenant in any of the covenants, conditions and agreements of this Lease. No surrender of the 
Leased Premises shall be effected by Landlord's acceptance of rental or by any other means 
whatsoever unless the same be evidenced by Landlord's written acceptance of such a surrender. 
ARTICLE 36. HOLDING OVER 
If Tenant remains in possession of the Leased Premises after the expiration of this 
Lease ( or any renewal thereof) without a new lease reduced to writing and duly executed, even if 
Tenant shall have paid, and Landlord shall have accepted, rent in respect to such holding over, 
Tenant shall be deemed to be occupying the Leased Premises as a Tenant from year to year, subject 
to all of the covenants, conditions and agreements of this Lease ( except those relating to options to 
renew or extend) at a rental that shall be ONE HUNDRED FIFTY percent (150%) of the rental in 
effect at the time the Lease ( or renewal period) expired. 
ARTICLE 37. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES 
The parties hereto agree that it is their intention hereby to create only the 
relationship of Landlord and Tenant, and no provision hereof, or act of either party hereunder, shall 
ever be construed as creating the relationship of principal and agent, or of partnership, or of joint 
venture or other enterprise between the parties hereto. 
ARTICLE 38. FINANCING STATEMENT 
Tenant shall not enter into, execute or deliver any financing agreement that can be 
considered as a priority to any lease, mortgage or deed of trust upon the Leased Premises, and in the 
event Tenant does so execute or deliver such financing agreement such action on the part of Tenant 
shall be considered a breach of the tenns and conditions of this Lease entitling Landlord to such 
remedies as are provided herein. Tenant agrees that Landlord shall have an express contractual lien 
(in additions to any statutory lien) for the perfonnance of all of Tenant's obligations pursuant to this 
Lease, upon all of the fixtures, machinery, equipment, goods, inventory and personalty which are, 
or hereafter may be, placed in or upon the Leased Premises. 
ARTICLE 39. COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT 
Upon payment of the rentals and performance of covenants upon Tenant's part to be 
performed hereunder, Tenant shall and may peaceably and quietly have, hold and enjoy the Leased 
Premises and improvements thereon during the Lease Term, subject to the terms and conditions of 
this Lease and any mortgages, and deeds of trust to which this Lease is subordinate, and subject to 
the powers of eminent domain of public and quasi-public authorities. 
ARTICLE 40. SECURITY DEPOSIT 
Tenant has deposited with Landlord the security deposit specified in section 1.10 
(the "Security Deposit"), the receipt whereof, if by check subject to collection, is hereby 
acknowledged. 
The Security Deposit shall be held by Landlord, without liability for interest 
thereon, to secure the full, faithful and punctual performance by Tenant of each and every term, 
covenant and condition of it under this Lease. In the event of any default by Tenant, Landlord may 
apply all or any part of the Security Deposit to cure the default or to reimburse Landlord for any 
sum THAT Landlord may spend by reason of the default. In the case of every such application 
Tenant shall, on demand, pay to Landlord the sum so applied which shall be added to the Security 
Deposit so that the same shall be restored to its original amount. If at the end of the Term Tenant 
shall not be in default under this Lease, the Security Deposit, or any balance thereof, shall be 
returned to Tenant. Tenant hereby waives the benefit of any provision of law requiring the Security 
Deposit to be held in escrow or trust; the Security Deposit being deemed to be the property of 
Landlord. Landlord may deliver or assign the funds deposited hereunder by Tenant to the purchaser 
of Landlord's interest in the Leased Premises in the event that such interest be sold, and thereupon 
Landlord shall be discharged from any further liability with respect to such deposit. 


[Page 18]
ARTICLE 41. BROKERS 
Tenant warrants and represents that it has not had any negotiations with or dealt 
with any realtor, broker, agent or finder in connection with the negotiation and execution of this 
Lease, OTHER THAN TURNER & ASSOCIATES REALTY, INC. 
ARTICLE 42. LEASE STATUS 
At any time and from time to time, upon request of Landlord, Tenant will execute, 
acknowledge and deliver to Landlord an instrument prepared by Landlord, stating, if the same shall 
be true, that (i) this Lease is a true and exact copy of the lease between the parties hereto and that 
there are no amendments hereof (or stating what amendments there may be); (ii) that this Lease is 
then in full force and effect; (iii) that to the best of Tenant's knowledge there are then no offsets, 
defenses or counterclaims with respect to the payment of rent reserved hereunder or in the 
performance of the other terms, covenants and conditions hereof on the part of Tenant to be 
performed; (iv) that as of such date no default has been declared hereunder by either party hereto 
and that Tenant at that time has no knowledge of any facts or circumstances which it might 
reasonably believe would give rise to a default by either party; (v) that no notice of an assignment 
of Landlord's interest in this Lease has been given to Tenant, and (vi) that rent has not been paid by 
Tenant more than thirty (30) days in advance. If within ten (I 0) days after the date of a request by 
Landlord to execute any such instrument Tenant shall not have executed and delivered the same, 
Tenant hereby irrevocably appoints Landlord as its agent and attorney-in-fact with full power and 
authority to execute and deliver in the name of Tenant any such instrument, and Landlord may, at 
its option, cancel this Lease without incurring any liability on account thereof, and the term hereby 
granted is expressly limited accordingly. 
ARTICLE 43. RECORDING 
Tenant shall not record this Lease without the written consent of Landlord; provided 
however, upon the request of either party hereto, the other party shall join in the execution of a 
memorandum or so-called "short form" lease for the purpose ofrecordation. Said memorandum or 
short form lease shall describe the parties, the Leased Premises and the term of this Lease and shall 
incorporate this Lease by reference. Tenant agrees to pay all costs and expenses in connection with 
or prerequisite to such recording. 
ARTICLE 44. FORCE MAJEURE 
In the event either party hereto shall be delayed or hindered in or prevented from the 
performance of any act required hereunder by reason of strikes, lockouts, labor troubles, inability to 
procure materials, failure of power, restrictive governmental laws or regulations, riots, insurrection, 
war or other reason of a like nature not the fault of the party delayed in performing work or doing 
acts required under the terms of this Lease, then performance of such act shall be excused for the 
period of delay and the period for the performance of any such act shall be extended for a period 
equivalent to the period of such delay. The provisions of this Article shall not operate to excuse 
Tenant from the prompt payment of Minimum Annual Rental, additional rent or any other 
payments required by the terms of this Lease. 
ARTICLE 45. APPLICABLE LAW 
The laws of the State of TENNESSEE shall govern the validity, performance and 
enforcement of this Lease. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Lease shall 
not affect or impair any other provision. 
ARTICLE 46. EXECUTION OF LEASE BY LANDLORD 
The submission of this document for examination and negotiation does not 
constitute an offer to lease, or a reservation of, or option for, the Leased Premises and this 
document shall become effective and binding only upon the execution and delivery hereof by 
Landlord and by Tenant. 
All negotiations, considerations, representations and understanding 
between Landlord and Tenant are incorporated herein and may be modified or altered only by 
agreement in writing between Landlord or its successors and Tenant, and no act or omission of any 
employee or agent of Landlord or of Landlord's broker, if any, shall alter, change or modify any of 
the provisions hereof. 
ARTICLE 47. AGENCY OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTS 


[Page 19]
Any service which Landlord is required or elects to furnish under this Lease may be 
furnished by any agent employed by Landlord or by an independent contractor, and the cost to 
Landlord of such agent or independent contractor shall be included in any cost chargeable to Tenant 
for such services. 
ARTICLE 48. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, there shall be absolutely 
no personal liability on persons, firms or entities which constitute Landlord with respect to any of 
the terms, covenants, conditions and provisions of this Lease, and Tenant agrees to look solely to 
the interest of Landlord, its successors and assigns, in Landlord's Tract for the satisfaction of each 
and every remedy of Tenant in the event of default by Landlord hereunder. Such exculpation of 
personal liability is absolute and without any exception whatsoever. 
ARTICLE 49. MORTGAGEE'S APPROVAL 
If any mortgagee or prospective mortgagee of the Shopping Center shall at any time 
require any modification of the terms and provisions of this Lease as a condition to such financing 
as Landlord may desire, then Landlord shall have the right to cancel this Lease if Tenant fails or 
refuses to approve and execute such modification(s) within twenty (20) days after Landlord's 
request therefor provided that such modification does not adversely change any material provisions 
of this Lease. Upon such cancellation by Landlord, this Lease shall be null and void and neither 
party shall have any liability either for damages or otherwise to the other by reason of such 
cancellation. 
ARTICLE 50. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY 
If Tenant is a partnership or other business organization the members of which are 
subject to personal liability, the liability of each such member shall be deemed to be joint and 
several. 
ARTICLE 51. CAPTIONS 
Captions throughout this Lease are for convenience and reference only and the 
words contained therein shall in no way be held to explain, modify, amplify or aid in the 
interpretation, construction or meaning of the provisions of this Lease. 
ARTICLE 52. Special Conditions: Tenant is taking the space in AS IS condition 


[Page 20]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Lease as of the day 
and year first above written. 
J- / J-1.f 
LA 
~rrtners 
.. 
\.1/h./lT 
•• 11 , 
~ 'if ·2)-/7 
By: 
=M~-
(SEAL) 
~ 
TATE 
Date:_O_J_· _-_('l'_-_J_o_ltf-'-----
-
OF 
-< 
:.:: TENNESSE 
NOTARY 
PU!3UC 
WITNESS for Land;~)-\\; S; \>, ~~b,;~- • 
--·····~"'¢ • 
By:,~~-
Date: 
/- /?-(c..{ 
TENANT: 
Ryan Hall and Danielle Macca Hall 
By: 
L(l/{gjJ 
Date: 
\ - \ 1 - I 
-----'--'----'----~--
By: --'-~'J.L.\'-'--L-'--.:_:...r,,~~'-4-- (SEAL) 
Date: --'-\ _,_,\ \_i_J \LL:.\L\.___~-
[AFFIX CORPORATE SEALJ 
GUARANTORS: 
Guarantors hereby join in the execution of this Lease Agreement for the purpose of 
guaranteeing all of the obligations, liabilities and undertakings of the Tenant as set forth in this 
Lease Agreement. 
~~ 
409-59-4716 
~&==L 7,4__,.._ c_z 
SSN 
Ryan 
all 
415-65-9670 
SSN 
£2/(yR 
Danielle Macca Hall 


[Page 21]
EXHIBIT A 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DATED January 17, 2014 
Sell Family Partners ("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 


[Page 22]
(1:,'l 
rJ/!. Landlord 
f "\>\\ Tenant 
V\\ Guarantor 
\Z. ~' Tenant 
~~•Guarantor 
Ol'Z··f5/ite 
\-\1--11hate 
r\1l~ate 
\ -(7--{'1 
_Date 
) ~\7-IL( 
_Date 


[Page 23]
EXHIBITS 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DA TED January 17, 20 I 4 
Sell Family Partners ("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 
Tenant Design Criteria 
Tenant shall provide to Landlord, within TEN (10) working days of final execution hereof, PLANS 
SUFFICIENT FOR PERMITTING, DETAILING ALL BUILDOUT INCLUDING, BUT 
NOT LIMITED TO, ALL MECHANICAL, PLUMBING, ELECTRICAL AND ROOF 
MOUNTED 
EQUIPMENT 
SPECIFICATIONS 
AND 
REQUIREMENTS 
IF 
ANY 
CHANGES TO THIS AREA ARE TO BE MADE. 
Further, Tenant shall, at Tenant's sole expense: 
I) Secure Building Permit for interior buildout, if not designated as Landlord responsibility. 
2) Install any and all partitions necessmy or convenient to Tenant" s needs. 
3) Paint the Leased Premises. 
4) Install floor covering in the Leased Premises, AS NEEDED. 
5) Do any and all other work necessary, not specifically listed as a requirement of the Landlord in 
Exhibit "F" incorporated herein, 
6) Secure a Certificate of Occupancy from the City of Spring Hill, Tn. 
7) Contract with Landlord's roofer, and only Landlord's roofer, to make the roof cuts and 
to flash in Tenant's roof mounted equipment. 
n1AJ), 
J it- ~I 
lfP-_1/_I_, Landlord 
_· _ 
bate 
'lli_ Tenant 
\-\'\iiate 
~ 
Guarantor 
\\)41 Tenant 
R~uarantor 
\-\1-\~ate 
t-11-it.\ 
__ Date 
\-l)-IY: 
__ Date 


[Page 24]
Lease Term 
4/1/2014- 9/31/2014 
I 0/1/2014 - 9/31/2015 
l 0/1/2015 - 9/31/2016 
10/1/2016-9/3 l/2017 
I 0/1/20 l 7 - 9/31/2018 
l 0/1/2018 - 3/31/2019 
EXHIBITC 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DATED January 17, 2014 
Sell Family Partners ("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 
Monthly 
Base Rent 
$1,200.00 
$1,700.00 
$1,700.00 
$1,751.00 
$1,800 .. 00 
$1,860.00 
CAM */Tax/ Insurance 
.. 
$0 
$0 
$200.00* 
$200.00* 
$200.00* 
$200.00* 
*Subject to change pursuant to tem1s of this Lease 
Option Renewal 
Total 
$1,200.00 
$1,700.00 
$1,900.00 
$1,951.00 
$2,000.00 
$2,060.00 
Rent to be negotiated at time of renewal. Said negotiated amount not to be less than year three base 
rent above. BASE RENT AL AND TOTAL PAYMENT AMOUNTS ABOVE ARE DEEMED 
TO BE CORRECT HOWEVER, SHOULD A DISCREPANCY ARISE IN THE 
CALCULATIONS ABOVE, THE RENT STRUCTURE PER SECTION I.I TO THIS 
LEASE SHALL TAKE PRECEDENCE. 
CJflr-... Landlord 
~•°lliTenant 
~ 
~, 1)~ Guarantor 
-------


[Page 25]
Wf\Landlord 
\)i\ ii~'Tenant 
\);\ \(~•Guarantor 
EXHIBITD 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DATED January 17, 2014 
Sell Family Partners ("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 
Leisure Time 
Pool & spa 
-.;t;~~r-·-
:;;;j,,~~~~=r·~ ·,- .. ~ ...... 
.• 
Tobacco & Beer 
Liquor Store 
Vacancy 


[Page 26]
EXHIBITE 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DATED 
("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 
Renewal Option: 
Anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, this Lease may be 
renewed and extended for 
TWO 
( 2 ) additional periods of Three YEARS (hereinafter 
referred to as the "Renewal Term") beyond the expiration of the term herein created, the Tenant 
shall give to the Landlord written notice of its election not to extend or renew, such notice shall be 
given to Landlord not less than three (3) months or more than six (6) months prior to the expiration 
of the initial term hereof or the renewal term as the case may be. 
The rental for said renewal term(s) shall be negotiated at the time of renewal. If Landlord and 
Tenant fail to agree on the rental rate, the Lease shall terminate at the end of the initial term. Base 
rental for the option period shall not be lower than the year three initial term base rate. 
W \, 
Landlord 
V --
i~~,v\\ Tenant 
~ 
~ 1)\-\ Guarantor 
:2- rt!· "nate 
Bl\iate 
\-\1'~te 


[Page 27]
EXHIBIT F 
RIDER TO STORE LEASE 
DATED January 17, 2014 
Sell Family Partners ("LANDLORD") 
AND 
Nelly's Italian Cafe ("TENANT") 
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
Spring Hill, TENNESSEE 
LANDLORD'S WORK 
Landlord to deliver the demised premises to Tenant as a vanilla shell, per Landlord's plan, 
including the following: ASIS 
• 
Glass store fFORts :Jith 3oLll3le 9lass doeH? 
• 
All::i:mirre1m real? ser rice €lo en_: 
• 
3 ton HV.-iG 
• 
Drop ceilifl9 diffysers ,1 1,200 sq13.are feet 
• 
1 lcu, ,,all men:ifiteel. ¥eturn fleusin9 air fileer / 1,209 sqY:are 
~ 
"II@t WateE cit @ema1td SJ stem" ( @E lilze Sj stsRt) 
1 ,."l\a)Z'r compliaftt restroom 
Commode, sinh:, haFJ:dicB.p ha1=1:dra.ils, miFrcu::, li9ht,' fcu;,i, finture 
2n1 BFsp ceilin9 9Fid (w½:.itee. 108.:rs) 0¥ $1. 0€1/s. f. c¥ediE 
• 
2n1 St.andalfd ,.1hit§e ac@ttstsical coili.n:J tile @Hf se@. @rs€J.ie above 
• 
2::1 Fecessed flu@res@snt li9h'€. fi::€:ures per 1,200 square feet:; 
• 
SF.le •,.tired S;S S@Ct:iriby ¥.1:i9"flt li9htS 
1 €lt1ple:: electrical @t1tls.ts pe¥ 8-e.misift' ,:all 
1 GFI !?13..?€11:secte€l €ll:iflle::. ©L4ts.lee in FOBt:;;J§OOffl 
Walls ccvere§I. r..rit.h sl=leet§ r@ck, 1:sape€l, saReie§i. an§I. ready fer 
!)aiHts 
• 
Appli@able. t:e sif!ie. ualls 
• 
Rear Hall ma7 be. Blc cl: 
C@110Fete flooF, @leaHed aHd s,,cpt, Fe:aely for teI1a1±t' a fle@r 
cereriH9 applicati@ft 
2 en.er9e!l@J li9heed e::it. si9Rs, !3@1? @@de if lf@@!Mire!f¾ 
• 
1 ele@erical !)8:Hel 
• 
TENANT'S ElUIIsE'ING SIGNAGE TICE? EJIRECTLY TO TENP1NT' S ELECTRI€Afs 
Pl'zNBL 
• 
'l'eRs.l=lt res!)@ftsiSle fer servi@e r..ririI=19 fr@m @H!lt!sid@ 1:sermiRal. 
■ 
R~ 
Landlord :2. ,Jliffi ate 
Tenant 
\,\1Jaie 
i~ 
Guarantor 
\-17-J'i 
__ ate 


[Page 28]
"SPRING HILL SHOPPING CENTER" 
SPRING HILL, TENNESSEE 
STORE LEASE 
INDEX 
PAGE 
ARTICLE I. 
BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS AND ENUMERATION OF 
EXHIBITS ............................................................................................................... I 
SECTION 1.1 BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS ............................................................................... I 
SECTION 1.2 SIGNIFICANCE OF BASIC LEASE PROVISIONS ............................................ I 
SECTION 1.3 ENUMERATION OF EXHIBITS .......................................................................... I 
ARTICLE 2. 
LEASED PREMISES AND TERM ....................................................................... 2 
SECTION 2.1 SHOPPING CENTER ............................................................................................. 2 
SECTION 2.2 LEASED PREMISES ............................................................................................. 2 
SECTION 2.3 LEASE TERM ........................................................................................................ 2 
SECTION 2.4 LEASE YEAR ......................................................................................................... 2 
ARTICLE 3. 
CONSTRUCTION AND DELIVERY OF LEASED PREMISES ....................... 2 
SECTION 3.1 DELIVERY OF THE LEASED PREMISES ......................................................... 2 
SECTION 3.2 OBLIGATIONS OF TENANT BEFORE LEASE TERM BEGINS 
••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••············································ 
ARTICLE 4. 
PARKING; USE OF COMMON AREAS ............................................................. 3 
ARTICLE 5. 
ARTICLE 6. 
ARTICLE 7. 
ARTICLE 8. 
SECTION 8.1 
SECTION 8.2 
SECTION 8.3 
SECTION 8.4 
MINIMUM RENT AL ............................................................................................. 3 
DELETED ................................................................................................................... . 
TENANT'S SHARE OFT AXES AND ASSESSMENTS .................................... 3 
SUBORDINATION AND A TTORNMENT ......................................................... 4 
SUBORDINATION OF LEASE ............................................................................ 4 
A TTORNMENT ..................................................................................................... 4 
CONFIRMATION OF SUBORDINATION .......................................................... 5 
ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE ................................................................................... 5 
ARTICLE 9. 
ADDITIONAL CONSTRUCTION........................................................................ 5 
ARTICLE 10. CONDITION OF LEASED PREMISES ................................................................ 5 
ARTICLE 11. REP AIRS AND MAINTENANCE ........................................................................ 5 
ARTICLE 12. FIXTURES, 
ALTERATIONS 
AND 
LEASEHOLD 
IMPROVEMENTS ................................................................................................. 6 
SECTION 12.1 NO ALTERATIONS .............................................................................................. 6 
SECTION 12.2 LEASEHOLD IMPROVEMENTS ........................................................................ 6 
SECTION 12.3 TRADE FIXTURES AND EQUIPMENT............................................................. 6 
ARTICLE 13. TAXES 
ON 
LEASED 
PREMISES 
AND 
LEASEHOLD 
IMPROVEMENTS 
6 
ARTICLE 14. LIENS ...................................................................................................................... 6 


[Page 29]
ARTICLE 15. LAWS AND ORDINANCES................................................................................. 6 
SECTION 15.1 COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS ............................................................................... 6 
SECTION 15.2 PROHIBITED CONDUCT ..................................................................................... 6 
ARTICLE 16. UTILITIES SERVICES ........................................................................................... 7 
ARTICLE 17. COMMON AREAS AND OPERATING EXPENSES .......................................... 7 
SECTION 17.1 DEFINITION OF COMMON AREAS ................................................................... 7 
SECTION 17.2 MAINTENANCE AND USE OF COMMON AREAS ......................................... 7 
SECTION 17.3 DEFINITION OF OPERATING EXPENSES ........................................................ 7 
SECTION 17.4 TENANT'S SHARE OF OPERA TING EXPENSES ............................................. 8 
SECTION 17.5 ADJUSTMENT OF TENANT'S SHARE OF OPERATING 
EXPENSES .............................................................................................................. 8 
ARTICLE 18. DAMAGE TO LEASED PREMISES ..................................................................... 8 
ARTICLE 19. TENANT'S INSURANCE ....................................................................................... 8 
ARTICLE 20. INDEMNIFICATION .............................................................................................. 9 
SECTION 20.1 INDEMNIFICATION .............................................................................................. 9 
SECTION 20.2 W AIYER OF CLAIMS ........................................................................................... 9 
ARTICLE 21. ASSIGNMENT, SUBLETTING AND OWNERSHIP .......................................... 9 
SECTION 21.1 NO ASSIGNMENT OR SUBLETTING ................................................................ 9 
SECTION 21.2 FURTHER TRANSFERS ....................................................................................... 9 
SECTION 21.3 ASSUMPTION OF OBLIGATIONS ...................................................................... 9 
SECTION 21.4 OWNERSHIP ........................................................................................................... 9 
SECTION 21.5 PAYMENT OF FEES ............................................................................................ 10 
ARTICLE 22. ACCESS TO PREMISES ...................................................................................... 10 
ARTICLE 23. EVENTS OF DEFAULT; REMEDIES OF LANDLORD ................................... 10 
ARTICLE 24. REMEDIES CUMULATIVE ................................................................................ 12 
ARTICLE 25. SELF-HELP ........................................................................................................... 12 
ARTICLE 26. DELETED ................................................................................................................... . 
ARTICLE 27. TENANT'S CONDUCT OF BUSINESS .............................................................. 12 
SECTION 27.1 OBLIGATION TO OPEN ..................................................................................... 12 
SECTION 27.2 TENANT'S ADVERTISING ................................................................................. 12 
SECTION 27.3 TENANT'S SIGNAGE .......................................................................................... 12 
ARTICLE 28. RULES AND REGULATIONS ............................................................................ 13 
ARTICLE 29. EMINENT DOMAIN ............................................................................................ 13 
SECTION 29.1 CONDEMNATION ............................................................................................... 13 
SECTION29.2AWARDS ............................................................................................................... 14 
ARTICLE 30. ATTORNEY'S FEES ............................................................................................. 14 
ARTICLE 31. SALEOFPREMISESBYLANDLORD ............................................................. 14 
ARTICLE 32. NOTICES ............................................................................................................... 14 
ARTICLE 33. SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS ........................................................................... 14 


[Page 30]
ARTICLE 34. REPRESENTATIONS .......................................................................................... 14 
ARTICLE 35. EFFECT OF WAIVER .......................................................................................... 14 
ARTICLE 36. HOLDING OVER .................................................................................................. 15 
ARTICLE 37. RELATIONSHIP OF PARTIES ............................................................................ 15 
ARTICLE 38. FINANCING ST A TEMENT ................................................................................. 15 
ARTICLE 39. COVENANT OF QUIET ENJOYMENT ............................................................. 15 
ARTICLE 40. SECURITY DEPOSIT ........................................................................................... 15 
ARTICLE 41. BROKERS .............................................................................................................. 15 
ARTICLE 42. LEASE STATUS ................................................................................................... 15 
ARTICLE 43. RECORDING ......................................................................................................... 16 
ARTICLE 44. FORCE MAJEURE ............................................................................................... 16 
ARTICLE 45. APPLICABLE LAW .............................................................................................. 16 
ARTICLE 46. EXECUTION OF LEASE BY LANDLORD ....................................................... 16 
ARTICLE 47. AGENCY OR INDEPENDENT CONTRACTS .................................................. 16 
ARTICLE 48. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY .............................................................................. 16 
ARTICLE 49. MORTGAGEE'S APPROVAL ............................................................................. 17 
ARTICLE 50. JOINT AND SEVERAL LIABILITY ................................................................... 17 
ARTICLES!. CAPTIONS ............................................................................................................ 17 
ARTICLE 52. EXCLUSIVE .......................................................................................................... 17 
